so this video is regarding the Samsung
and the clicking noise that it makes
obviously there's a lot of the money
internet which or on YouTube that I've
seen and but I can't find anything for
the plasma so my model is a plasma 42
inch model number HP t4 to 64 and it's
suddenly when turned on had to very loud
pops and then started clicking and
cycling it was ongoing and it just never
comes on anymore so I'll show you the
noise that it makes that's coming from
up here somewhere
that's it
and so many of you have mentioned the
capacitors actually most of you they say
it's a capacitor issue but I've looked
on my boards and my capacitors look fine
the only one that I'm questioning are
these very large ones which are a very
high voltage and 450 volts and I'm
really not sure it's those I've seen
other people change
the other capacitors or other capacitors
at a much lower voltage but mine seem to
be fine and I'm really not sure what
would have made that loud popping noise
so I don't see anything that's blown or
anything that's out of the ordinary so
if anybody could help me out with that
again it's a 42 inch plasma model number
HPT for 264 I'd appreciate any help
thank you